Assembling the Pieces:
Penetration Test Breakdown
Now that we have introduced all the
individual pieces of a penetration test,
it’s time to put them together.
In this module, we’ll conduct
a simulated penetration test
inspired by real-world findings.
During this penetration test,
we will alternate between
enumeration and exploitation.
We will also review commonly-made mistakes
and discuss why it is not always
necessary to obtain root on a target.
Our fictitious client has
provided us an initial target
named “sandbox.local”
and revealed that a compromised
domain administrator account
would have a devastating
impact on their business.
This domain is accessible via the PWK VPN
but requires us to add an
entry to our /etc/hosts file.
First, we’ll make a backup
of the existing file.
Now we’ll append an entry that will allow
us to contact the domain via its DNS name.
Great, let’s continue.